Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 238 is larger than 1, I conclude that Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

The similarity depends on the number of users that each candidate follow. In order to estimate more accurately the similarity between two users, we need to take into account the percentage of common users given the number of users followed by each candidate.

2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump, who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more information.

They both follow The White House, and Vice President Mike Pence. It makes sense that they have in common accounts related to the political field as they both need to be informed about news and important events in this area. 


3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows 
(Gary Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than 50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

The less accounts you follow, the less information you give about yourself. I believe it depends on the political strategy of each candidate and the impact their actions have on social media. Analysing account with less friends gives us less information about the degree of similarity and relationship between users.


4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many minutes will it take to collect this data?

We would have to make a 'friends/ids' request for each friend of each candidate, plus the requests required for each candidate. In total 5,989 requests are required. As twitter has a rate limit of 15 calls every 15 minutes, that is to say, one call per minute, we would have to wait 5,989 minutes.




